oh you mean you put a pillow every
enough you know like chocolate or
something
what a sexy thing no is this telling why
wake up
oh no I'll just be quiet I can't believe
this second kids we how do you keep
finding mommy's dildo we really gotta
get her some dolls doesn't miss pinky
want some tea well you didn't really
sell it yet we need to sell our house to
pay for the house we just bought in the
suburbs there's a 30-day period where if
everything goes well you cook is
going on over there
hi we're your neighbors welcome to
Captain EO is that a Greek restaurant
oh it's our sorority
I can't believe a sorority just
moved next door what are we gonna do
maybe it's not that bad
girly usually quiet they don't really
take hard drugs and they're much smarter
girl the new buyers are noting one of
the decks were sorority need somebody
who can relate to stupid young people
hey neighbors let's shut this down
you look like the clown and people love
clowns what do you do when kids
misbehave you call their parents what is
this what happened to a little girl it's
really not a big deal this is a very big
deal these girls are very smart
you want a beer and they're very tricky
nobody talks like that I've been roofied
so if anyone's ever wanted to have sex
to me tonight
those girls are out of control they're
using their sexuality you're really
turning me on your muscles right now